A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
EPISODE 43
Discounts, check. Price match, check.
Freshness, check.
-Next stop locked on target.
-[groans]
[menacing music plays]
Immortal Dragon.
[Tatsu] That's…
Yeah. Remember me?
You took out my crew!
The Hirako Group sends its regards.
[metal swishes]
Mic check, one, two, one, two.
♪ Here I am, the top ranker ♪
♪ Straight from yakuza to dope rapper ♪
♪ I never forgot that honor we had ♪
♪ Risking our lives
'Cause we were so bad ♪
♪ I aim at your chest
You gonna regret it ♪
♪ The name's G-Goda
Now don't you forget it ♪
Hmm!
Goda.
♪ I'm a househusband, yo ♪
♪ These aprons are my battle clothes ♪
♪ Cooking, cleaning, and doing housework ♪
♪ Gentle cycle, heavy cycle, every cycle ♪
♪ Humidifier, dehumidifier, purifier ♪
Audience, make some noise!
-Huh?
-What kinda noise?
♪ We haven't forgotten
How you took our crew out ♪
♪ But now it's my turn
To give a victory shout ♪
♪ Teriyaki, sukiyaki, every -yaki
I can do it all, you see♪
[man] This is a freestyle rap battle.
A rapid exchange of words in rhyme
either to assert something
or to find fault with the other.
Fun fact, a famous rapper was recently
caught using a voice actor for his track.
♪ Immortal Dragon, you keep missing ♪
♪ Yo, you gotta diss me
That's the freestyle mission ♪
♪ Your clothes are dumb! ♪
[gasps]
That's not even true, man.
Hey, uh… I just… Sorry.
[women] He apologized.
[Tatsu] Let's try again, yeah? Come on.
Uh, okay, how about that?
The theme can be meat.
Ha! Themes are for amateurs, yo.
Hey, pal.
What the hell's with all the commotion?
♪ Pork at that price can't be beat ♪
[butcher] Huh?
♪ Dinner tonight, it's gotta be meat ♪
♪ The cost of chicken is a sin ♪
♪ Look at this guy
He's up to something ♪
♪ The meat is juicy
But the owner's a Kewpie-- ♪
Uh, "cutie" is better?
♪ Yo, yo, up next is my turn ♪
♪ I got no gimmick, just dope lyrics
The sense runs through me ♪
♪ And the fat runs through the… meat
Yeah, yeah, meat, uh… ♪
♪ Uh, you-- you-- you cut the meat
And then you get the bones ♪
♪ Try and cut the meat
But you get the bo-- ♪
[coughing]
[coughing and retching]
That's it, I'm tapping out.
[singing operatically]
♪ If you want to get meat ♪
♪ My market's running some deals ♪
♪ If you want to get some meat ♪
♪ If you want to get some fresh meat ♪
♪ I got all kinds of meat ♪
Uh, yeah, it's a rap battle.
[Goda] The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 44
Okay, I'm leaving for my business trip.
I won't be back until tomorrow.
Got your purse and your phone?
-And your umbrella?
-[meows]
You'll have the place to yourself.
You should take it easy for once.
-[door closes]
-Have a good trip.
[cat purrs]
"Take it easy"?
Right.
Take it easy.
-[door opens]
-Pretty day, ain't it?
Normally, I'd wash the sheets
and air out the futons.
But today, I think I'm gonna take it easy.
I'll take it easy on these sheets!
Just hit 'em with Fabrezz.
[laughs maniacally]
Citrus-y fresh fragrance.
Usually I bring in the laundry
and carefully fold
each item one at a time.
But there's one sick hack I saw online.
A hidden dark web technique.
Haul 'em in and put 'em up still hanging.
I was gonna soften these up
before stewing 'em,
but why wait?
Let's do this!
I'll just simmer 'em with the lid on.
Now for the secret stash,
haven't had a fix in awhile.
[blowing gently]
Instant noodles for lunch.
My ultimate vice.
[doorbell rings]
I just got fired so I'm killing some time.
[Tatsu] Really?
Huh? You're really home by yourself?
Yeah, I was just planning to take it easy.
Sounds like you and me
gotta show this day who's boss.
[cheerful music playing]
[Tatsu] Two grown men playing
video games in the middle of a weekday.
This guy.
He's no amateur.
-[clatters]
-[Masa] Uh, boss?
Gotta do the laundry,
get groceries, and scrub the bath.
Gents, I'm out.
But… what the…?
You're bailing already?
You said you were gonna
take it easy today!
Okay, you win. I'll stay.
Just one more round.
Kick back with some crunchy snacks,
look at your phone,
and then just…
[Tatsu] His laziness is next-level!
He's a true master.
Shit! I can't!
[grunts] I can't take it!
The laundry, and the groceries.
[wheezes] Masa, let go!
[in demonic voice] You promised
you'd take it easy today.
Come on, boss man. More!
[shudders]
[screams]
SMACK
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 45
I think we should enter this.
It's some kind
of Halloween costume contest.
Huh?
Halloween? You kidding me?
First place wins a trip.
Second place gets rice for a year.
[weakly] A year's supply?
HALLOWEEN COSTUME CONTEST
CONTESTANT WAITING ROOM
What the hell are you doing here, huh?
Looking for a fight?
Well, whose turf
do you think we're on right now?
Stop it, you two!
I won't be cleaning up any of your messes.
I've got my eyes
on that premium Niigata rice.
[scoffs]
You boys don't have what it takes.
You think so, huh?
There's no way you're gonna get that rice.
[Miku] I'm hoping for the vacation.
[host] Okay, everyone, thanks for waiting.
This is the shopping district
Halloween costume contest.
You can enter on your own, or as a group.
We're looking
for that special Halloween look.
Let's see some costumes, everyone.
Entry number one,
please welcome the Torii family!
-Mind your own business, huh?
-[grunts]
So, Torii family, show us what you got.
I'll let you in on a special skill I have.
So to start, we have 845 yen
plus 493 yen,
plus 884 yen.
Hey, slow down. Too fast.
[judges] Accounting?
[host] Entry number two,
crepe-maker Mr. Tora--
-[Torajiro laughing]
-[host] Are you okay?
-I'm a dying yakuza.
-[blows whistle]
What's your problem? Let go of me!
Let's forget that happened, huh?
Next up, entry number three.
-[Masa] Three! Yeah! Here, I made it.
-Uh…
[panting] Overslept a little.
[laughs]
[host] We'll skip that one.
What a bunch of amateurs.
[bold music plays]
[host] Entry number four,
Tatsu and Miku, husband and wife!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[oven door clangs]
[clicks]
[oven buzzing gently]
[Tatsu] Homemade frosted pumpkin cookies.
Just something to say thank you.
[Miku and Tatsu chuckle]
Oh, what a bribe!
[host] And the results are in.
The winner is entry number nine!
-Yuko!
-[laughing]
Congratulations, little Yuko.
Mm. Of course.
KATAGI SHOPPING DISTRICT
HALLOWEEN COSTUME CONTEST
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 46
FUWAFUWA KITCHEN
[pleasant music plays]
-Two, please.
-Right this way.
[Tatsu] This place is a battlefield.
I haven't been here in ages.
You have 90 minutes
to enjoy the buffet today.
Great.
Okay, let's do this.
[Tatsu] Gotta get
my money's worth out of this.
You've got all kinds of grub.
How should I plan my attack?
Ooh, this looks good.
[Tatsu] Can't take 'em all on at once.
I'd be outnumbered.
Going straight for the carbs
would put me out of the fight too soon.
I've got it!
The first move is to hit the salad bar!
Huh? Taking on the curry first?
She's lost her damn mind.
Gotta say, though,
this main course lineup
ain't messing around.
[gulps]
I know I'm playing with fire here,
but the pull is too strong!
I can't stop myself!
Freshly-made seafood rice au gratin.
[Tatsu] What the… I was played!
[groans]
They got me right when I ran out
of real estate.
-[gun cocks]
-I walked right into their trap.
Mm. Mm!
Looks like you couldn't make a decision.
Guess you decided on all of it.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
It's too much.
-[groans]
-Are you okay?
Still fighting.
Don't worry, I've still got
my eye on the prize.
[aggressive rock music plays]
[seething] Move it!
Let me guess, you're after it too?
Carefully cultivated fruits
in various colors,
a Fuwafuwa Kitchen special.
Jam-packed with all that cream cheese.
Their fruit tart.
-You're in over your head.
-[growls]
The farmers that brought up
all these fruits treated 'em
like their own precious little babies!
Soft and velvety cream teamed up
with the sweet and sour fruits?
The crunchy pie crust!
The contrasting flavors!
[woman] They're close.
Uh-oh.
[women grunting]
-[groans]
-They're too strong.
[both groan]
This is a battlefield.
[both] So strong.
Huh? Where's your dessert?
Did they run out?
Uh-huh.
I got this slice earlier. We can split it.
Miku!
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 47
That's a lot of food you've bought.
What're you making?
Well, it's family fun time.
So guess. What do you think?
Mm.
Nabe, of course.
Ah, Dad, Mom, hi.
[mother] Good to see you, Tatsu.
[father grumbles]
Go on, tell him.
[clears throat]
I was thinking we could do a hotpot.
[Tatsu] Oh, uh, sure.
Okay, I'll start the hotpot.
You stay here, son.
Huh? What are you--
[vegetables thud]
-[aggressive music plays]
-[Tatsu] Dad, that technique.
-It's just like Miku.
-Hmm?
Dad!
Dad, really?
Dad, no!
[mother chuckles] Oh, Tatsu.
That man cooks like a runaway train.
Can he really stop him?
Tacchan, I can help you out too.
Miku, no!
-Okay, Dad, what should I do?
-Hmm?
[Tatsu] Not good!
These two knife-wielding hooligans
have joined forces.
All right, let's tackle the broth.
Okay. [laughs]
[Tatsu] Broth is the lifeblood
of a hotpot!
If I have to, I'll go down swinging!
-Takes you back, eh, Miku?
-Hmm?
We used to cook together
when you were a kid.
You were always offering to help me.
[chuckles] Was I really?
[father] But you were always
such a dangerous child.
Ah, I wasn't that bad.
You fell over a lot, you threw things,
you clotheslined people.
My blood turned cold just watching you go.
But now…
[Tatsu groans]
It seems like I don't have to worry
about protecting you now.
[grunts]
[Tatsu grunts]
[father] Uh…
I'm watching her back, sir.
Tatsu.
All right, add the curry powder and ponzu.
Rice, udon, mochi, let's use it all.
[Tatsu] Oh, no!
[mother grunts]
[father and Miku both groan]
[mother] Dinner's ready.
[Tatsu] Impressive.
She has the skill
to tame these two radicals.
You're a true master, Mom.
-I am?
-What?!
CHICKEN MEAT BALL
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 48
[sighs]
The way of a yakuza
is the way of the househusband.
My daily hustle begins
by packing my own lunchbox.
[Masa] Boss, I'm gonna make you proud.
[suspenseful music plays]
[cupboard creaks]
Not a single thing to eat.
Really don't want to go food shopping.
[snoring]
[gasps]
[shudders]
What am I doing?
I gotta get off my ass and go shopping!
SLIDE TO UNLOCK
[inhales sharply] Four o'clock p.m.
It's four? Four?
Oh, really?
Well, I did get up pretty late.
Boss…
I'll make you proud.
Tomorrow.
Cool?
[closing theme music plays]